add/remove component under prefabInstance (#1583)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/asset/prefab.md

### Add New Node

A new node added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a **+** sign in the lower right corner of the node name, and its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, so it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.

![prefab mounted](prefab/prefab-mounted-children.png)

### Add New Component

> A new component added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a **+** sign in the end of the node name, and its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, so it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new component added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a **+** sign at the end of the node name, and its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.
```

> ![](prefab/instance-add-component.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![instance-add-component](prefab/instance-add-component.png)
```

### Remove Component

> A new component added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a deleted data item show in the __Inspector__, its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, so it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new component added under the __Prefab Instance__ will have a deleted data item show in the __Inspector__, its data is stored under the __Prefab Instance__, it will not affect the data of the associated __Prefab Asset__.
```

![](prefab/instance-remove-component.png)

It will show two buttons in the end of deleted data item:
Icon|Description
:---|:---

> ![](prefab/revert-remove-component.png)|revert the removed component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![revert-remove-component](prefab/revert-remove-component.png)|revert the removed component
```

> ![](prefab/apply-remove-component.png)|apply the remove component operation to the associated __Prefab Asset__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![apply-remove-component](prefab/apply-remove-component.png)|apply the remove component operation to the associated __Prefab Asset__
```

## Some Current Restrictions

> - It's not allow to delete the node created from the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Prefab Instance__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is not allowed to delete the node created from the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Prefab Instance__.
```

> - It's not allow to change the hierarchical relationship of nodes created from the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Prefab Instance__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is not allowed to change the hierarchical relationship of nodes created from the __Prefab Asset__ in the __Prefab Instance__.
```

> - Do not allow prefabs to nest themselves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not allow prefabs to nest themselves.
```
